Removed React context mention in the documentation (#2841)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/Translation.md

# Translation

> React-admin interface uses English as the default language. But it also supports any other language, thanks to the [polyglot.js](http://airbnb.io/polyglot.js/) library.

Reviewer: This one should have kept the `The` as we are refering to the interface :wink:

## Translating Your Own Components

> The react-admin package provides a `translate` Higher-Order Component, which simply passes the `translate` function to props of wrapped component:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
React-admin provides a `translate` Higher-Order Component, which simply inject the `translate` function to the wrapped component:
```

> React-admin package provides a `translate` Higher-Order Component, which simply passes the `translate` function to props of the wrapped component:

Reviewer: Last one I think :smile: 

s/to props of/as a prop to/

Author: Went really too quick :)
